So when it comes down to this class, it was definitly not what i was expecting. At first i did thin it was going to be a bout math
and excel, but now it has turned into a coding class that at first i was skeptical about. Since the beginning my computer has had problems 
learning how to download and i personally had no idea as to what i was doing. But after you gave me the packet 
i began to learn how my computer was working and now i can go in and out of directories while making 
and removing drectories. I can now push and pull out of cd's and have now finally gotten the chance after 3 weeks to run scipy, sklrean, and othre problems my computer was having at first.
With the help of people in my class and especially from you outside of class, i have put in a lot of effort into tryng to figure out my computer and have put in a lot of time outside of class doing 
activities to be faster with my compter and can now move in and out more swiftly than before. THis class has definitly been a struggle and sometimes i feel like
things are not explained very well, but at the same time i need to realize that this is basically a new class and with a new class
things dont tend to always go perfectly and i see that. I have a tough time sometimes still understanding the codes
but of course that is part of the course and its something ill learn. Inside the codes i am starting to see how my computer rejects certain things that are typed
and as i am seeing these changs i am starting to learn how fixing one at a time can eventually lead to my goal of finally getting the code to run.
Getting the code to run is always the challange and its a challenege that i accept everytime and its something 
that since i have a hard time doing, i want to learn how to do better. Its like on the pitch i work on the things that i have trouble with, and with this class
i go out of my way and practie more and more to try and get it done. 

I just wanted to say that i would like to thank you for teaching this class, i know it was totally unexpected and it is a class that basicaly has 
no syllibus, but its amazing that i am actually learning this because it was something i would have never thought of doing in a million years.
